MISS MINUTES: Long ago,
there was a vast multiversal war,
nearly resulting in the total
destruction of everything.
But then, the all-knowing Time-Keepers
created the TVA
and all its incredible workers.
There's our variant.
The TVA has stepped in
to set time back
on its predetermined path.
Reset it.
SYLVIE: Wait!
MISS MINUTES: Welcome to
the Time Variance Authority.
MAN: ...reporting a code 000.
Branches rapidly forming at a slope...
Somebody just bombed the Sacred Timeline.
RENSLAYER: Do you have any idea
how impossible it is
to keep the timeline stable?
The Time-Keepers are all that stand
between us and full-scale calamity.
MOBIUS: How are the old Time-Keepers?
RENSLAYER: How do you think?
They want that Variant caught.
So do I.
-Yeah.
-Is that my jet ski magazine? Put it down.
Come on. Gear up.
LOKI: I was told that
everyone who works for the TVA
was created by the Time-Keepers.
That's ridiculous.
You're all Variants!
Everyone who works at the TVA.
The Time-Keepers didn't create you.
They kidnapped you from the timeline,
and erased your memories.
Did Loki say anything
while you were in there?
He said the TVA is lying to me.
I'm a Variant. So are you.
So is every single person in this place.
You were right.
You were right from the beginning
about the TVA.
RENSLAYER: Gracious Time-Keepers,
as promised, the Variants.
After all your struggle,
at last, you've arrived before us.
-Delete them.
-No, I'm not done with you yet.
(STATIC)
(BEEPS)
Protect the Time-Keepers!
(LAUGHING)
SYLVIE: Poor Judge Renslayer.
Your whole reality's been destroyed.
RENSLAYER: You freed the Variant.
-You were disloyal to the TVA.
-HUNTER B-15: Disloyal?
-Did you think you'd escape punishment?
-Disloyal to who?
You were in the Time-Keepers' chambers.
They weren't real.
And why do you think
that changes anything?
That changes everything!
MOBIUS: I think people are ready
to hear a little truth now.
You know, like the TVA is a lie.
But what if it's a necessary one?
Someone created the Time-Keepers.
Hey, y'all.
RENSLAYER: They created this whole place.
They gave us all purpose.
I have to believe they had a reason.
I ended the Multiversal War.
Once I isolated our timeline...
MISS MINUTES: The Sacred Timeline.
...all I had to do
was manage the flow of time
and prevent any further branches.
The universe wants to break free,
so it manifests chaos.
What're you doing?
I know the TVA has hurt us both.
But what if by taking him out,
we risk unleashing something even worse?
What was I thinking trusting you?
(GRUNTS)
I'll see you soon.
MOBIUS: No turning back now.
Who said anything about turning back?